Small improvements and mistakes correction (#30)
Paperback-iOS/website: src/help/faq/README.md

---

### App crashes on launch

> If you are using the **Public build**, check if you are on iOS 13.4+ or iPadOS 13.4+. If you are using the **Beta / Patron build**, ping @Paper on the Discord #supporter-chat channel.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are using the **Public build**, ensure that you are on iOS 13.4+ or iPadOS 13.4+. If you are using the **Beta / Patron build**, ping @Paper on the Discord #supporter-chat channel.
```

Reviewer: Though note that the Beta/Patreon builds have the exact same versioning requirements as the public.
13.4+ should work on __any__ build. Perhaps you can remove the second line.

Author: That should indeed work on any build but I think the idea was
 * if people are on the public build the issue is likely to be caused by iOS < 13.4
 * if people are on the beta build, we assume that they tried the public build before or are informed about the app. thus the issue is likely due to a bug.

We could separate the information:
```suggestion
Ensure that you are on iOS 13.4+ or iPadOS 13.4+. 

If you are using the **Beta / Patron build**, ping @Paper on the Discord #supporter-chat channel.
```
What do you think?

Reviewer: Okay, I understand your intentions. If that's the case, I think it's fine to keep them seperate. I have two minor suggestions, then!

* Don't say ping @Paper, there are others in support who may be able to help too! Simply say talk in that discord channel.
* Explain __why__ you should be asking there, instead of describing the issue here. Something along the lines of.. `The Patreon builds are usually unstable. If you are on the correct versioning for your device, and are still getting crashes, you may be encountering a known or unknown bug for your Paperback version. Contact us on our Discord #supporter-chat channel, and staff will try to determine what's happening with you.`

Author: You're right, asking to ping Paper do not seems to really make sense.
I'm not sure why it was like that in the beginning but I think we can change that. I will modify the PR using your last sentence.

Author: Done in a423f28. I kept the `If you are using the **Beta / Patron build**` sentence to make explicit that not everybody are using the beta build. What do you think?

---

### Both Paperback and AltStore crash on launch

> Applications installed with AltStore need to be refreshed every seven days. While AltServer and Mail or iCloud/iTune are open and your device is connected to the same network as your computer, AltStore will try to refresh the app automatically.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Applications installed with AltStore need to be refreshed every seven days. Ensure that AltServer and Mail or iCloud/iTunes are open, and your device is connected to the same network as your computer. AltStore will try to refresh the app automatically.
```

Optionally: Elaborate a little more on what you should do if AltStore doesn't refresh automatically

```suggestion
Applications installed with AltStore need to be refreshed every seven days. Ensure that AltServer and Mail or iCloud/iTunes are open, and your device is connected to the same network as your computer. AltStore will try to refresh the app automatically. If AltStore does not refresh automatically, you may trigger this process manually by plugging your device into a computer running AltStore/Itunes, and then running the refresh on your device through the app.
```

Author: Good idea. Maybe we should explain that people can refresh from AltStore app. Or does it seams obvious?

And a small thing that could be improved is what should run on the computer: AltServer and iTune/iCloud or Mail.
```suggestion
Applications installed with AltStore need to be refreshed every seven days. Ensure that AltServer and Mail or iCloud/iTunes are open, and your device is connected to the same network as your computer. AltStore will try to refresh the app automatically. If AltStore does not refresh automatically, you may trigger this process manually by plugging your device into a computer running AltServer and Mail or iCloud/Itunes, and then running the refresh on your device through AltStore app.
```
Or maybe we said enough that iTune/iCloud or Mail have to be open:
```suggestion
Applications installed with AltStore need to be refreshed every seven days. Ensure that AltServer and Mail or iCloud/iTunes are open, and your device is connected to the same network as your computer. AltStore will try to refresh the app automatically. If AltStore does not refresh automatically, you may trigger this process manually by plugging your device into a computer running AltServer, and then running the refresh on your device through AltStore app.
```

Reviewer: I think your second suggestion is great!

If Paperback and AltStore both crash on launch it is likely that their certificate is expired.

> Without uninstalling anything connect your iPhone/iPad to your computer. Open AltServer and Mail or iCloud/iTune then select "**Install AltStore**" from AltServer menu.

Reviewer: I dunno if it's a regional thing, but I've never seen it called `iTune`, it's always been `iTunes`. Your call.

```suggestion
Without uninstalling anything connect your iPhone/iPad to your computer. Open AltServer and Mail or iCloud/iTunes then select "**Install AltStore**" from AltServer menu.
```

> Without uninstalling anything connect your iPhone/iPad to your computer. Open AltServer and Mail or iCloud/iTunes then select "**Install AltStore**" from AltServer menu.

Reviewer 2: Maybe to add to this:

```suggestion
Without uninstalling anything connect your iPhone/iPad to your computer. Open AltServer and Mail or iCloud/iTunes then select "**Install AltStore**" from AltServer menu.
After AltStore is installed again, open AltStore and refresh the certificate for Paperback. You'll be able to open Paperback again and no data should be lost.
```

---

### App crashes after trying to download a manga

> Download currently does not work and breaks the app. You will need to delete and reinstall the app.

Reviewer: Extra wording to be more explicit
```suggestion
Downloading manga currently does not work and breaks the app. You will need to delete and reinstall the app to fix this issue.
```
